New pages: DOMTokenList and MediaList toString() method (#37052)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domtokenlist/tostring/index.md

---
title: "DOMTokenList: toString() method"
short-title: toString()
slug: Web/API/DOMTokenList/toString
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.DOMTokenList.toString
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

> The **`toString()`** {{Glossary("stringifier")}} of the {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}} interface returns the values of the token list serialized as a string. Bing that a `DOMTokenList` represents a set of space-separated tokens, the values in the returned string are space-separated. The return value is equal to the {{domxref("DOMTokenList.value")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`toString()`** {{Glossary("stringifier")}} method of the {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}} interface returns the values of the token list serialized as a string. The return value is equal to the {{domxref("DOMTokenList.value")}} property.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
toString()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

> A string; a space-separated list of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string.
```

(maybe)

## Examples

```js

> const el = document.getElementById("#myId"),
>   cls = el.classList;
> el.className = "shop empty-cart"; // sets some classes
> cls.add("logged-in", "dark-mode"); // add two more classes
> console.dir(cls); // DOMTokenList(4) [ "shop", "empty-cart", "logged-in", "dark-mode" ]
> console.log(cls.toString()); // "shop empty-cart logged-in dark-mode"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const element = document.createElement("div");
const classes = element.classList;

element.className = "shop empty-cart";
classes.add("logged-in", "dark-mode");

console.log(classes.toString());
// "shop empty-cart logged-in dark-mode"
```

A few things:
- don't declare multiple variables in one line
- better variable names
- fewer comments (don't think we need to commment all those lines)

```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}}

Reviewer: I don't see the logic in see-alsoing the interface. We already have really string nav to the interface in sidebar and breadcrumbs. We might want to see also Element.classList, which is probably the main place this will come up?

---
title: "DOMTokenList: toString() method"
short-title: toString()
slug: Web/API/DOMTokenList/toString
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.DOMTokenList.toString
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

> The **`toString()`** {{Glossary("stringifier")}} method of the {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}} interface returns the values of the token list serialized as a string. The return value is equal to the {{domxref("DOMTokenList.value")}} property.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`toString()`** {{Glossary("stringifier")}} method of the {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}} interface returns the values of the token list serialized as a string. The return value is a space-separated list of tokens equal to the {{domxref("DOMTokenList.value")}} property.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
toString()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

A string; a space-separated list of values.

## Examples

```js
const element = document.createElement("div");
const classes = element.classList;

element.className = "shop empty-cart";
classes.add("logged-in", "dark-mode");

console.log(classes.toString());
// "shop empty-cart logged-in dark-mode"
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}}

Author: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("Element.classList")}}
```
